Translation corrections (#217)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/kage_001.txt

//r不意に、背後から肩を叩かれ、私は思わず短い悲鳴を上げてしまう。…振り返ると、唖然とした眼差しで大石さんが固まっていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "不意に、背後から肩を叩かれ、私は思わず短い悲鳴を上げてしまう。…振り返ると、唖然とした眼差しで大石さんが固まっていた。",

> 			NULL, "Something suddenly struck my shoulder from behind, and I spontaneously let out a short yelp. When I turned around, I found Ooishi-san, looking my way with bewilderment.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Something suddenly struck my shoulder from behind, and I spontaneously let out a short yelp. When I turned around, I found Ooishi-san, looking my way in bewilderment.", Line_Normal);
```

//r“何か”に視線を落とすと、正体を探るため記憶を巡らせようと私はそっと目を閉じた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "“何か”に視線を落とすと、正体を探るため記憶を巡らせようと私はそっと目を閉じた。",

> 			NULL, "When I looked down on that <i>something</i>, I gently closed my eyes to search my memories to remember what it was.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "When I looked down on that <i>something</i>, I gently closed my eyes and searched my memories to remember what it was.", Line_Normal);
```
